1. Project Overview
The Neo4j RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) chatbot is designed to enhance maintenance and operational decision-making by providing mechanics and personnel with instant answers regarding Service Bulletins (SBs). It integrates a Neo4j knowledge graph with GPT-4 to generate context-aware responses, leveraging a RESTful API for secure data retrieval and visualization.

Goals:
Provide quick and accurate answers to SB-related queries.
Streamline maintenance workflows by connecting SBs with the Illustrated Parts Catalog (IPC) and other relevant datasets.
Enable easy access to structured and unstructured data through a chatbot interface.
2. System Architecture
Key Components:
Neo4j Knowledge Graph: Stores the SBs, IPC, and related data.
GPT-4 Integration: Processes natural language queries and generates responses using graph data.
RESTful API: Facilitates data retrieval and chatbot communication.
Frontend: A user-friendly web interface for mechanics and personnel.
Architecture Diagram:
(Include a simplified architecture diagram if possible.)

3. Technology Stack
Backend:
Neo4j Database: Knowledge graph storage.
Python: Backend development with Flask.
Neo4j Driver: Enables communication with the Neo4j database.
GPT-4 API: For natural language processing.
Frontend:
Flask: Web application framework.
HTML/CSS/JavaScript: Frontend interface design.
Deployment:
Microsoft Azure: Cloud hosting.
Kubernetes: Container orchestration.
4. Data Sources and Integration
Service Bulletins (SB): XML data parsed to extract critical attributes like docnbr.
Illustrated Parts Catalog (IPC): Links aircraft parts to relevant SBs.
External Documents: Additional maintenance records and manuals.
Data Ingestion Process:
Parse XML data using a Python script.
Populate Neo4j graph nodes and relationships.
Validate data integrity and ensure alignment with graph schema.
5. Knowledge Graph Schema
Key Nodes:
Service Bulletin: Attributes: docnbr, title, date, etc.
Aircraft Part: Attributes: part_number, description, etc.
Aircraft Model: Attributes: model_name, year, etc.
Relationships:
IMPACTS: Connects Service Bulletin to Aircraft Part.
BELONGS_TO: Links Aircraft Part to Aircraft Model.
Cypher Query Example:
cypher
Copy code
MATCH (sb:ServiceBulletin)-[:IMPACTS]->(part:AircraftPart)
WHERE sb.docnbr = "SB1234"
RETURN sb, part;
6. AI Model Integration
GPT-4 Setup:
Input: User query with context (e.g., "What is the impact of SB1234 on the landing gear?").
Processing: GPT-4 accesses the Neo4j knowledge graph for context before generating a response.
Output: A structured, conversational response.
Example Workflow:
User query is parsed by the API.
Relevant Cypher query is generated.
Neo4j retrieves data.
GPT-4 combines retrieved data with additional NLP.
7. Frontend Implementation
Features:
Search bar for queries.
Display of SB details and related parts.
Chatbot interface for Q&A.
Framework:
Flask routes render the HTML pages and handle API requests.
8. Deployment and Infrastructure
Environment: Dockerized containers for backend and database.
Kubernetes: Handles scaling and fault tolerance.
Azure Blob Storage: Stores large SB files.
CI/CD: Automated pipelines for deployment using GitHub Actions.
9. Maintenance and Troubleshooting
Common Issues:
Neo4j Connection Errors: Verify credentials and database health.
API Timeout: Optimize Cypher queries and GPT-4 response times.
Data Inconsistencies: Re-run ingestion scripts and validate schema.
Tools:
Neo4j Browser for graph visualization.
Azure Monitor for infrastructure diagnostics.
10. Future Development Suggestions
Add a voice interface for hands-free queries.
Incorporate additional datasets, like maintenance logs.
Use embeddings for more robust AI responses.
Develop mobile compatibility for on-site mechanics.
11. Contact Information
For further assistance, reach out to the current project owner or refer to the original project repository/documentation:
